Fix c_nonce language; may fix #331 (#365)
openid/OpenID4VCI: openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_0.md

The `proof_type` parameter is an extension point that enables the use of different types of proofs for different cryptographic schemes.

> The `proof` parameter or proofs in the `proofs` parameter MUST incorporate the Credential Issuer Identifier (audience), and optionally a `c_nonce` value generated by the Authorization Server or the Credential Issuer to allow the Credential Issuer to detect replay. The way that data is incorporated depends on the key proof type. In a JWT, for example, the `c_nonce` value is conveyed in the `nonce` claim, whereas the audience is conveyed in the `aud` claim. In a Linked Data proof, for example, the `c_nonce` is included as the `challenge` element in the key proof object and the Credential Issuer (the intended audience) is included as the `domain` element.

Reviewer: The first part of the sentence reads a bit odd to me; this rewording might be better:

```suggestion
The proof(s) in the `proof` or  `proofs` parameter MUST incorporate the Credential Issuer Identifier (audience), and optionally a `c_nonce` value generated by the Authorization Server or the Credential Issuer to allow the Credential Issuer to detect replay. The way that data is incorporated depends on the key proof type. In a JWT, for example, the `c_nonce` value is conveyed in the `nonce` claim, whereas the audience is conveyed in the `aud` claim. In a Linked Data proof, for example, the `c_nonce` is included as the `challenge` element in the key proof object and the Credential Issuer (the intended audience) is included as the `domain` element.
```

The `proof_type` parameter is an extension point that enables the use of different types of proofs for different cryptographic schemes.

> The `proof` parameter or proofs in the `proofs` parameter MUST incorporate the Credential Issuer Identifier (audience), and (optionally) a `c_nonce` value generated by the Authorization Server or the Credential Issuer to allow the Credential Issuer to detect replay. The way that data is incorporated depends on the key proof type. In a JWT, for example, the `c_nonce` value is conveyed in the `nonce` claim, whereas the audience is conveyed in the `aud` claim. In a Linked Data proof, for example, the `c_nonce` is included as the `challenge` element in the key proof object and the Credential Issuer (the intended audience) is included as the `domain` element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `proof` parameter or proofs in the `proofs` parameter MUST incorporate the Credential Issuer Identifier (audience), and optionally a `c_nonce` value generated by the Authorization Server or the Credential Issuer to allow the Credential Issuer to detect replay. The way that data is incorporated depends on the key proof type. In a JWT, for example, the `c_nonce` value is conveyed in the `nonce` claim, whereas the audience is conveyed in the `aud` claim. In a Linked Data proof, for example, the `c_nonce` is included as the `challenge` element in the key proof object and the Credential Issuer (the intended audience) is included as the `domain` element.
```

- the header parameter indicates a registered asymmetric digital signature algorithm, `alg` parameter value is not `none`, is supported by the application, and is acceptable per local policy,
- the signature on the key proof verifies with the public key contained in the header parameter,
- the header parameter does not contain a private key,

> - if the server had previously provided a `c_nonce`, the nonce in the key proof matches the server-provided `c_nonce` value,

Reviewer 2: no need for `(or Claim Key 10)` :)?

Author: This part was broken as well because it didn't include `challenge` for ldp proofs. I just fixed the language by generalizing the nonce for all proof types. How nonce is done is described in the proof type sections. Does this work for you?

  * `invalid_credential_request`: The Credential Request is missing a required parameter, includes an unsupported parameter or parameter value, repeats the same parameter, or is otherwise malformed.
  * `unsupported_credential_type`: Requested Credential type is not supported.
  * `unsupported_credential_format`: Requested Credential Format is not supported.

>   * `invalid_proof`: The `proof` or `proofs` parameter in the Credential Request is invalid: (1) if either both fields are missing, (2) both are present simultaneously, (3) one of the provided key proofs is either invalid or (4) if a `c_nonce` was provided by the Credential Issuer and one of the key proofs is not linked to a previously issued valid `c_nonce` value (refer to (#issuer-provided-nonce)).

Reviewer: The "either"s feels odd to me and I think can be omitted without changing the meaning, and the `c_nonce` may not have come from the Credential Issuer so I suggest removing that part:

```suggestion
  * `invalid_proof`: The `proof` or `proofs` parameter in the Credential Request is invalid: (1) if both fields are missing, or (2) both are present simultaneously, or (3) one of the provided key proofs is invalid, or (4) if a `c_nonce` was previously provided and one of the key proofs is not linked to a valid `c_nonce` value (refer to (#issuer-provided-nonce)).
```

### Credential Issuer Provided Nonce {#issuer-provided-nonce}

> The Credential Issuer MAY provide the Client with a `c_nonce` defined in (#credential-response) in a Credential Error Response using `invalid_proof` error code defined in (#credential-error-response) if the Credential Issuer Metadata contains `proof_types_supported` indicating a key proof is required for the requested Credential. Depending on the Credential Issuer policy, this occurs if they receive a Credential Request without a or with an invalid server-provided `c_nonce` value included in the `proof` or `proofs` parameter.

Reviewer: Minor grammar suggestion:

```suggestion
The Credential Issuer MAY provide the Client with a `c_nonce` as defined in (#credential-response) in a Credential Error Response using `invalid_proof` error code defined in (#credential-error-response) if the Credential Issuer Metadata contains `proof_types_supported` indicating a key proof is required for the requested Credential. Depending on the Credential Issuer policy, this occurs if they receive a Credential Request without a `c_nonce` or with an invalid server-provided `c_nonce` value included in the proof(s) in the `proof` or `proofs` parameter.
```

> If the Client has not received a `c_nonce` and the Credential Issuer Metadata contains `proof_types_supported` indicating a key proof is required for the requested Credential, the Client MUST send a Credential Request that contains a `proof` or `proofs` parameter that is fully valid but does not include a server-provided `c_nonce` value. It is the Credential Issuer policy whether or not a `c_nonce` value is required in the key proofs.

Reviewer 3: > valid but does not include a server-provided `c_nonce` value.

would this mean that a client can send a proof without a c_nonce and with a c_nonce but that the server should ignore it?

Author: > contains a `proof` or `proofs` parameter that is fully valid but does not include a server-provided `c_nonce` value.

This means, the client can send a proof with (if c_nonce was provided) or without (if no c_nonce was provided) a c_nonce. A server would not issue a c_nonce if they would ignore that later, right? Are you saying, we should add a sentence that says that the server has to validate the c_nonce in case a c_nonce was provided and check whether it is valid and matches their credential issuer policy (this can depend on the issuer how to deal c_nonce validation).

Author: Updated the PR.

  * `invalid_credential_request`: The Credential Request is missing a required parameter, includes an unsupported parameter or parameter value, repeats the same parameter, or is otherwise malformed.
  * `unsupported_credential_type`: Requested Credential type is not supported.
  * `unsupported_credential_format`: Requested Credential Format is not supported.

>   * `invalid_proof`: The `proof` or `proofs` parameter in the Credential Request is invalid. For example, this could be because either both fields are missing, both are present simultaneously, one of the provided key proofs is either invalid or if a `c_nonce` was provided by the Credential Issuer, one of the key proofs is not linked to a previously issued valid `c_nonce` value (see (#issuer-provided-nonce)).

Reviewer 3: this sentence reads a bit weird to me especially the part

> ..., one of the provided key proofs is either invalid or if a `c_nonce` was provided by the Credential Issuer,...

Author: @nemqe can you check whether it is more readable now

>   * `invalid_proof`: The `proof` or `proofs` parameter in the Credential Request is invalid. For example, this could be because either both fields are missing, both are present simultaneously, one of the provided key proofs is either invalid or if a `c_nonce` was provided by the Credential Issuer, one of the key proofs is not linked to a previously issued valid `c_nonce` value (see (#issuer-provided-nonce)).

Author: ```suggestion
  * `invalid_proof`: The `proof` or `proofs` parameter in the Credential Request is invalid if either both fields are missing, both are present simultaneously, one of the provided key proofs is either invalid or if a `c_nonce` was provided by the Credential Issuer and one of the key proofs is not linked to a previously issued valid `c_nonce` value (refer to (#issuer-provided-nonce)).
```

### Credential Issuer Provided Nonce {#issuer-provided-nonce}

> The Credential Issuer that requires the Client to send a key proof of possession of the key material for the Credential to be bound to (`proof` or `proofs`) MAY receive a Credential Request without a or an invalid server-provided `c_nonce` value included in the `proof` or `proofs` parameter. In such a case, the Credential Issuer MAY provide the Client with a `c_nonce` defined in (#credential-response) in a Credential Error Response using `invalid_proof` error code defined in (#credential-error-response).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Credential Issuer that requires the Client to send a key proof of possession of the key material for the Credential to be bound to (`proof` or `proofs`) MAY receive a Credential Request without an invalid server-provided `c_nonce` value included in the `proof` or `proofs` parameter. In such a case, the Credential Issuer MAY provide the Client with a `c_nonce` defined in (#credential-response) in a Credential Error Response using `invalid_proof` error code defined in (#credential-error-response).
```

typo?

> The Credential Issuer that requires the Client to send a key proof of possession of the key material for the Credential to be bound to (`proof` or `proofs`) MAY receive a Credential Request or Batch Credential Request without a or an invalid server-provided `c_nonce` value included in the `proof` or `proofs` parameter. In such a case, the Credential Issuer MAY provide the Client with a `c_nonce` defined in (#credential-response) in a Credential Error Response or Batch Credential Error Response using `invalid_proof` error code defined in (#credential-error-response).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Credential Issuer that requires the Client to send a key proof of possession of the key material for the Credential to be bound to (`proof` or `proofs`) MAY receive a Credential Request or Batch Credential Request without a or with an invalid server-provided `c_nonce` value included in the `proof` or `proofs` parameter. In such a case, the Credential Issuer MAY provide the Client with a `c_nonce` defined in (#credential-response) in a Credential Error Response or Batch Credential Error Response using `invalid_proof` error code defined in (#credential-error-response).
```

> The Credential Issuer that requires the Client to send a key proof of possession of the key material for the Credential to be bound to (`proof` or `proofs`) MAY receive a Credential Request or Batch Credential Request without a or with an invalid server-provided `c_nonce` value included in the `proof` or `proofs` parameter. In such a case, the Credential Issuer MAY provide the Client with a `c_nonce` defined in (#credential-response) in a Credential Error Response or Batch Credential Error Response using `invalid_proof` error code defined in (#credential-error-response).

Author: This does not sound right to me. If the credential issuer accepts the proof(s) without a nonce, it is a bit misleading to say that under this condition, the issuer may provide a c_nonce.

> The Credential Issuer that requires the Client to send a key proof of possession of the key material for the Credential to be bound to (`proof` or `proofs`) MAY receive a Credential Request or Batch Credential Request without a or with an invalid server-provided `c_nonce` value included in the `proof` or `proofs` parameter. In such a case, the Credential Issuer MAY provide the Client with a `c_nonce` defined in (#credential-response) in a Credential Error Response or Batch Credential Error Response using `invalid_proof` error code defined in (#credential-error-response).

Reviewer 4: I have just reworded what I understood from your text trying to simplify the reading.

> The Credential Issuer that requires the Client to send a key proof of possession of the key material for the Credential to be bound to (`proof` or `proofs`) MAY receive a Credential Request or Batch Credential Request without a or with an invalid server-provided `c_nonce` value included in the `proof` or `proofs` parameter. In such a case, the Credential Issuer MAY provide the Client with a `c_nonce` defined in (#credential-response) in a Credential Error Response or Batch Credential Error Response using `invalid_proof` error code defined in (#credential-error-response).

Reviewer 5: why is Batch still in here?

> The Credential Issuer that requires the Client to send a key proof of possession of the key material for the Credential to be bound to (`proof` or `proofs`) MAY receive a Credential Request or Batch Credential Request without a or with an invalid server-provided `c_nonce` value included in the `proof` or `proofs` parameter. In such a case, the Credential Issuer MAY provide the Client with a `c_nonce` defined in (#credential-response) in a Credential Error Response or Batch Credential Error Response using `invalid_proof` error code defined in (#credential-error-response).

Reviewer 2: needs to be removed

> The Credential Issuer that requires the Client to send a key proof of possession of the key material for the Credential to be bound to (`proof` or `proofs`) MAY receive a Credential Request or Batch Credential Request without a or with an invalid server-provided `c_nonce` value included in the `proof` or `proofs` parameter. In such a case, the Credential Issuer MAY provide the Client with a `c_nonce` defined in (#credential-response) in a Credential Error Response or Batch Credential Error Response using `invalid_proof` error code defined in (#credential-error-response).

Author: @peppelinux i updated the text to make it more readable. please also check @Sakurann

The Batch Credential Request MUST fail entirely if there is even one Credential that failed to be issued. `transaction_id` MUST NOT be returned in this case.

> When the Credential Issuer requires the `proofs` parameter to be present in the Batch Credential Request, but does not receive them, it will return a Batch Credential Error Response using `invalid_proof` error code, as defined in (#issuer-provided-nonce).

Reviewer 2: umm, we still should keep an option to return c_nonce in error, no?

Author: I removed this language because I fixed the "Credential Issuer Provided Nonce" section to also include Batch Credential Requests/Responses. There is no need for keeping this section here. Does this make sense?

Author: I actually think, the entire sentence should probably get removed.

Reviewer: This entire section will be deleted by https://github.com/openid/OpenID4VCI/pull/364 so (on the assumption that PR will be merged) it's best not to change text in the batch credential endpoint section in this PR.

Author: I actually think, we should make this consistent and remove the entire sentence. I know there might be merge conflicts, but let's see which PR we can merge first. If this PR gets merged first, then I don't feel comfortable still having inconsistent language in the spec on `c_nonce`.

Reviewer 2: batch credential endpoint PR has been merged, please adapt the text accordingly :)
